These ten billion, I’ll cover
Stop joking
Where would you get that much money?
You can’t make up such a lie
Just to make me happy
I’m not joking
You’re the woman in my heart
How could I bear
To see you bullied by others
And do nothing?
Rest assured, these ten billion
Even if I have to borrow
I’ll borrow them for you
Jiā Háo, meeting you is so wonderful
Rest assured
Once I smoothly reclaim
The chairman’s position at Qín Shì
I’ll definitely make you
The CEO of Qín Shì Group
Then we’ll crush Qín Fēng and Qín Ruò Yǔ
Under our feet
Viciously taking back justice for you
Alright, I’ll follow your lead
Miss, the mission went smoothly
The ten billion is in the account
Beautifully done
It’s time to reel in the net